IcedTea
=======

The IcedTea project provides a harness to build the source code from
openjdk.java.net using Free Software tools and dependencies.

IcedTea addreses two problems: it eliminates the build requirement on
proprietary build tools and it provides replacements for the
"encumbered binary plugs".

These plugs are described at http://openjdk.java.net: "Not all of the
source code that makes up the JDK is available under an open-source
license. In order to build an OpenJDK binary from source code, you
must first download and install one or more of the following files
from which the build process will copy over 'binary plugs' for these
encumbered components."

This project uses code from GNU Classpath, code generated during a
build of the openjdk.java.net source code, and stub code written by
Red Hat, to provide Free Software replacements for these encumbered
binary plugs.

IcedTea also provides build scripts and patches that allow the source
code from openjdk.java.net to be built with ecj running on libgcj or
with IcedTea itself.

See INSTALL for build instructions.

How the Stub Replacements were Produced
---------------------------------------

To produce the plug replacements, we began by satisfying as many
undefined references as possible using code from a completed build of
the source code from openjdk.java.net.  Then we supplemented the
resultant tree with more replacement code from GNU Classpath.
Following that, we fixed each remaining build error by creating the
simplest possible stub code.

A Note about the Generated Code
-------------------------------

Some of the code generated from sources from openjdk.java.net, and
required to build these plug replacements, is of questionable
licensing (that is, Sun likely forgot to change some headers).  These
files are:

 - generated/java/nio/*Exception.java
 - generated/java/nio/channel/*Exception.java
 - generated/java/nio/charset/*Exception.java
 - generated/sun/nio/cs/*Exception.java
 - generated/sun/util/resources/*

To be on the safe side, these files are not distributed in IcedTea,
but will be generated from the source code downloaded from
openjdk.java.net, as needed during the build.
